---
external help file: ScriptFramework-help.xml
Module Name: ScriptFramework
online version: https://github.com/CodeAJGit/posh/blob/master/Modules/ScriptFramework/docs/Use-Object.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Use-Object

## SYNOPSIS
Provides a convenient syntax that ensures the correct use of IDisposable and COM objects.

## SYNTAX

```
Use-Object [-InputObject] <Object> [-Scriptblock] <ScriptBlock> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Use-Object cmdlet simulates the effect of the using statement found in C# with added support for ComObjects.

When the lifetime of an IDisposable or ComObject is limited to a single method, you should declare and instantiate it in the Use-Object cmdlet. The Use-Object cmdlet calls the Dispose or ReleaseComObject method on the object in the correct way when it goes out of scope. The Use-Object cmdlet ensures that Dispose or ReleaseComObject is called even if an exception occurs within the using block.

## PARAMETERS

### -InputObject
Specifies the variable assignment for the IDisposable or COM object.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scriptblock
Specifies the commands to run.

```yaml
Type: ScriptBlock
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
You cannot pipe input to this cmdlet.

## OUTPUTS

### PSObject
Returns the output that is generated by the executed expression.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-statement]()
